Add `idle` event (#109)
sindresorhus/p-queue: readme.md

queue.add(() => Promise.resolve());
queue.add(() => delay(500));
```
#### idle

> Emitted when the queue becomes empty, and all promises have completed; `queue.size === 0 && queue.pending === 0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Emitted every time the queue becomes empty, and all promises have completed; `queue.size === 0 && queue.pending === 0`.
```

To make it clear that it can be emitted multiple times.

I would also mention the difference with `.onIdle()`.
